README.md, before:

# **QuickApp** - ASPNET Core / Angular4 startup project template
[![MIT license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/emonney/QuickApp/blob/master/LICENSE)

A startup **Angular4 / ASP.NET Core** (cross-platform ) **project template** with an end-to-end login, user and role management implementation.
As well as other common functionalities for **Quick Application Development**.

[FOLLOW ME](https://twitter.com/kommand) on twitter for important updates

[live demo](http://freeloada-001-site1.htempurl.com) / [downloadable demo](https://github.com/emonney/tempa/raw/master/QuickApp-PublishOutput.zip)

[![QuickApp Demo](https://github.com/emonney/QuickApp/blob/9b122b7f3c38121699d3ec41b700474e192abe37/QuickApp.gif?raw=true)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wuh7NIZ96jA)

## This application consists of:

*   Template pages using Angular4 and TypeScript
*   RESTful API Backend using ASP.NET Core MVC Web API
*   Database using Entity Framework Core
*   Authentication based on OpenID Connect
*   API Documentation using Swagger
*   [Webpack2](https://webpack.js.org) for managing client-side libraries
*   Theming using [Bootstrap](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=398939)

## You get the benefits of:

*   A complete backend and frontend project structure to build on, with login, user and permission-based role management already integrated
*   Data Access Layer built with the Repository and Unit of Work Pattern
*   Code First Database
*   A RESTful API Design
*   Angular Directives Quidance
*   Angular Pipes Quidance
*   Angular Animations Quidance
*   Angular Services
*   Dialog and Notification Services
*   Configuration Page and Configuration Service
*   Integrated Internationaliztion
*   Theming with SASS
*   Ready-to-use email API
*   Handling Access and Refresh Tokens with WebStorage (Bearer authentication) - No Cookies
*   Jquery Integration (Ability to use standard Jquery libraries)
*   CRUD APIs


## Installation

*   [OPTION 1] Clone the [Git Repository](https://github.com/emonney/QuickApp.git) and edit with your favorite editor. e.g. Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code
*   [OPTION 2] Install Project template from the [Visual Studio Gallery](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=adentum.QuickApp-ASPNETCoreAngularXProjectTemplate) and follow the usual File -> New Project -> Web -> QuickApp - to create a new Project from this template.
    Lunch with `F5` or `Ctrl+F5` (The usual way)
*   [OPTION 3] Yeoman generator package coming soon...

NOTE: When creating a new project please wait for all dependencies ("dotnet restore" & "npm install") to be restored.  
When using VisualStudio this is automatic, check the output window or status bar to know that the package/dependencies restore process is complete before launching your program for the first time


## Login

LOGIN WITH USERNAME OR EMAIL ADDRESS
> * **Default Administrator Account**
>   * Username: admin
>   * Email:    admin@ebenmonney.com
>   * Password: tempP@ss123
> * **Default Standard Account**
>   * Username: user
>   * Email:    user@ebenmonney.com
>   * Password: tempP@ss123



## Documentation

*   [Overview of QuickApp](http://ebenmonney.com/quickapp)
*   [Conceptual overview of what is ASP.NET Core](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=518008)
*   [Angular4 documentation overview](http://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/guide)
*   [Working with Data](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=398602)
*   [An introduction to webpack](https://webpack.js.org/guides/get-started/)


## License

Released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/emonney/QuickApp/blob/master/LICENSE).

[YOUR FEEDBACK](mailto:contact@ebenmonney.com) | [FOLLOW ME](https://twitter.com/kommand)

### _**If you found this template useful, please take a minute to [rate it](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=adentum.QuickApp-ASPNETCoreAngularXProjectTemplate#review-details). Appreciated!**_

Commit message:

Updated Readme with Installation notes and cleaned up solution

README.md, after:

# **QuickApp** - ASPNET Core / Angular4 startup project template
[![MIT license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/emonney/QuickApp/blob/master/LICENSE)

A startup **Angular4 / ASP.NET Core** (cross-platform ) **project template** with an end-to-end login, user and role management implementation.
As well as other common functionalities for **Quick Application Development**.

[FOLLOW ME](https://twitter.com/kommand) on twitter for important updates

[live demo](http://freeloada-001-site1.htempurl.com) / [downloadable demo](https://github.com/emonney/tempa/raw/master/QuickApp-PublishOutput.zip)

[![QuickApp Demo](https://github.com/emonney/QuickApp/blob/9b122b7f3c38121699d3ec41b700474e192abe37/QuickApp.gif?raw=true)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wuh7NIZ96jA)

## This application consists of:

*   Template pages using Angular4 and TypeScript
*   RESTful API Backend using ASP.NET Core MVC Web API
*   Database using Entity Framework Core
*   Authentication based on OpenID Connect
*   API Documentation using Swagger
*   [Webpack2](https://webpack.js.org) for managing client-side libraries
*   Theming using [Bootstrap](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=398939)

## You get the benefits of:

*   A complete backend and frontend project structure to build on, with login, user and permission-based role management already integrated
*   Data Access Layer built with the Repository and Unit of Work Pattern
*   Code First Database
*   A RESTful API Design
*   Angular Directives Quidance
*   Angular Pipes Quidance
*   Angular Animations Quidance
*   Angular Services
*   Dialog and Notification Services
*   Configuration Page and Configuration Service
*   Integrated Internationaliztion
*   Theming with SASS
*   Ready-to-use email API
*   Handling Access and Refresh Tokens with WebStorage (Bearer authentication) - No Cookies
*   Jquery Integration (Ability to use standard Jquery libraries)
*   CRUD APIs


## Installation

*   [OPTION 1] Clone the [Git Repository](https://github.com/emonney/QuickApp.git) and edit with your favorite editor. e.g. Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code
*   [OPTION 2] Install Project template from the [Visual Studio Gallery](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=adentum.QuickApp-ASPNETCoreAngularXProjectTemplate) and follow the usual File -> New Project -> Web -> QuickApp - to create a new Project from this template.
    Lunch with `F5` or `Ctrl+F5` (The usual way)
*   [OPTION 3] Yeoman generator package coming soon...

NOTE: When creating a new project please wait for all dependencies ("dotnet restore" & "npm install") to be restored.  
When using VisualStudio this is automatic, check the output window or status bar to know that the package/dependencies restore process is complete before launching your program for the first time


## Installation Notes

*   When creating a new project please wait for all dependencies ("dotnet restore" & "npm install") to be restored.  
    When using VisualStudio this is automatic, check the output window or status bar to know that the package/dependencies restore process is complete before launching your program for the first time.
*   If you get this error: Unable to resolve 'OpenIddict', do the below steps to add myget.org to nuget package sources;  
    Copy the "NuGet.config" from the project folder to the solution's folder (i.e. copy to the same folder location as your solutions file) and restart VisualStudio  
    OR  
    Add myget.org to your package sources in VisualStudio.  
    Visual Studio -> Tools -> Options -> NuGet Package Manager -> Package Sources, Add "aspnet-contrib", this URL "https://www.myget.org/F/aspnet-contrib/api/v3/index.json"


## Login

LOGIN WITH USERNAME OR EMAIL ADDRESS
> * **Default Administrator Account**
>   * Username: admin
>   * Email:    admin@ebenmonney.com
>   * Password: tempP@ss123
> * **Default Standard Account**
>   * Username: user
>   * Email:    user@ebenmonney.com
>   * Password: tempP@ss123



## Documentation

*   [Overview of QuickApp](http://ebenmonney.com/quickapp)
*   [Conceptual overview of what is ASP.NET Core](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=518008)
*   [Angular4 documentation overview](http://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/guide)
*   [Working with Data](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=398602)
*   [An introduction to webpack](https://webpack.js.org/guides/get-started/)


## License

Released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/emonney/QuickApp/blob/master/LICENSE).

[YOUR FEEDBACK](mailto:contact@ebenmonney.com) | [FOLLOW ME](https://twitter.com/kommand)

### _**If you found this template useful, please take a minute to [rate it](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=adentum.QuickApp-ASPNETCoreAngularXProjectTemplate#review-details). Appreciated!**_
